Hey guys! ChrisFix here! And today I'm gonna show you
How to replace a hybrid battery
In a Toyota Prius. And I'm gonna be showing you how to do this
Using common tools, check this out, we don't have many tools at all
That's all you need to replace a hybrid battery
I'm going to also show you how to find yourself a really good quality hybrid battery
That way, after you're done with watching this video, you'll have everything
that you need to know on replacing the hybrid battery
You'll be able to do this yourself which is gonna save you a ton of money
And I'm gonna show you the dealer quote of it, and you'll be able to get
the car back on the road so you can drive it. Now I never thought in a million years
I'd be Prius owner, but it was hard to resist
I got this for $1500, that's right
$1500 dollars, and it's worth
$4 grands, as in great shape that has newer tires
the body is in good shape, the paint shines
and check out this interior, now this 2007
with a hundred sixty eight thousand miles
and I just take a look the interior, it is spotlist